README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Initial commit for Recrema - circular economy for coffee

README.md, after:

# Recrema - Sustainably Beautiful 🌿

**Recrema** is a circular economy solution dedicated to upcycling spent coffee grounds into high-value components for cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, and more.

## Overview

We are a highly conscious team dedicated to reducing waste. Our mission is to make coffee recycling accessible, efficient, and rewarding by transforming waste into valuable resources.

## Key Features

- **Circular Economy**: Initiating a zero-waste loop in the coffee industry.
- **Innovative Upcycling**: Extracting cosmetic-grade oil, pharma-grade caffeine, and clean biofuels.
- **Community Empowering**: Supporting local farmers and spreading sustainability awareness.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Lucide React

---

*Designed and Created for VisionForge Ventures*
